All right guys in the last video we went ahead and dealt with the boxes we created these boxes with
these arrows.
But this is not.
This is not responsive.
I can see that it's just the same no matter what the screen size is.
So I want to add a couple of media queries.
So in the CSX file let's go down here and let's say media.
And this is gonna be a max width of 900 pixels.
So basically when it's when it's less 900 pixels or less I want the width of the boxes to change from
400 to two hundred and fifty pixels wide.
So we're gonna say timeline you l l I div and let's set the width to two hundred and fifty pixels which
were originally 400.
So now when I hit nine hundred which is right here they change.
Now we have an issue with the left side where it's too far out so we can fix that really easily by just
taking the C ally.
We want to do and child and we want to grab the even which is the left side and grab that div and then
just move it over so we'll say from the left we want to do negative two eighty four pixels and save.
And that brings it over all right.
Now when you're creating this stuff from scratch you're going to be you're gonna be experimenting a
lot.
You're not going to know these values right away so you weren't going to be experimenting when it comes
to like the border and in making these arrows it took me a while to to figure out exactly what values
to use.
OK so just keep that in mind it's not it's not always going to go as smooth as you see in courses and
tutorials.
All right.
Now that is if it's under 900.
Now if we get to like right here it's still it's not.
It doesn't look good.
And what I want to do is move them all to the to the right side.
And I want this line basically the list item to be on the side here.
OK.
So let's add another media query and let's say Max with let's make it.
Let's do six hundred pixels.
So basically smartphones and we're going to take the time line you well ally and this is set to margin
Auto on the left and right.
If we go up here and we look at the ally we have auto for left and right.
But I don't want it in the middle anymore I want it on the side.
So I'm just going to simply set the margin left to 20 pixels and save and that does nothing that's because
I'm not 600 yet.
So if we go there we go.
So at six hundred you can see that the the line gets pushed over to the left and it's it's margin left
20.
We don't want to do zero because it'll be right up against the edge.
So margin left 20.
And if you're confused of why that happened again it's because we had margin auto which puts it in the
middle.
Now we changed margin left to 20 pixels which makes it no longer margin auto.
OK.
So let's move on to the width of the boxes and I know that you can't see the the other side the left
side boxes we're going to fix that but I want the width to actually be a calculation meaning I want
it to be to be dynamic so let's say timeline you l ally div and let's set the width instead of using
just a fixed number I'm going to use the C Ss calc calc function here and we can say we want to take
one hundred viewport with so that basically the whole viewport width regardless of how big the browser
is sized or the device is sized and we just want to take away 90 pixels from it and let's save.
OK so now you can see that these two just ignore this for now but these ones perfectly fit in there
and if I make this smaller they adjust OK so we're just taking the viewport with meaning the whole thing
we're taking away 90 pixels because if we were to do just one hundred viewport width and save you'll
see that it actually goes off the page like that.
That doesn't look right.
So we're just taking 90 pixels away.
Now we want to move these boxes over to the right.
We want these all in line so to do that.
Let's take timeline.
Well Ally we want to grab the ones in the left.
So he's going to do ally and child.
And we want the even divs and going to say from the left 40 pixels and save.
Now we're just about there.
But the arrows on the.
The ones that were on the left the arrows are still facing on the right side.
So we simply need to move them to this side which we can copy.
This whole thing right here the right side arrows because these are pointing this way and paste that
in here and just change this to even and save.
And now they're all facing that way.
All right.
So now it's completely responsive.
Hit nine hundred pixels.
They get smaller gets 600 pixels and they adapt.
They all go to the right side.
All right.
So that's it in the next video we're going to show you how we can implement a little bit of JavaScript
to have a little bit of animation on the scroll.